Add background section (#41)
UBC-MDS/teaching_responsibility: manuscript/teaching-reproducibility.Rmd

In this paper, we will discuss why we believe each of these are important,
provide examples of how to incorporate these in your teaching.

## Academic setting and background

The specific teaching pedagogies we present in this paper

> have been tested in classrooms of 10-200 learners from varying educational backgrounds,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have been tested over 5 years, in classrooms of 10-200 learners from varying educational backgrounds,
```

> including undergraduate students taking their only data science course

Reviewer: ```suggestion
including undergraduate students taking their first data science course
```

> and graduate students looking to specialize in data science.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and graduate students from diverse academic backgrounds who have completed at least one undergraduate-level university course in computer science, statistics and mathematics who are looking to specialize in data science.
```
Note - that sentence might be too long, so it might be better to split it up. But I think we want to include this context about their prior knowledge.

Author: I kept the information below instead since it was easier to fold in the additional MDS details there.

We teach the plurality of our courses in the Master of Data Science program,
where students are generally required to have taken one course each
in programming, calculus, linear algebra and introductory statistics and probability

> before entering the program.

Reviewer: This is redundant to what I added above... So we somehow need to blend these two. I feel like we should now mention that the University we teach at is the University of British Columbia. And that the undergraduate course is DSCI 100 (Introduction to Data Science) and the graduate program is a professional Master of Data Science program, consisting of 24 one-credit courses, culminating in and a six-credit capstone course.

Author: We do say we teach at UBC in the beginning of the intro. I added the additional info about MDS, but not the undergrad course name since I don't think it adds much over saying that we teach an introductory undergrad course in DS (and there is also 310).

Typically,
students also have a few years of working experience (or equivalent),

> but our cohorts includes both fresh undergrads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but our cohorts includes both recent graduates from Bachelor's degrees
```

as well as learners from senior company positions
looking to bend their career trajectories towards data science.

> Learners rarely have experience working with reproducible workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From in-class polls, we have learned that these graduate students rarely have any prior experience with reproducible workflows.
```

The teaching team for our reproducibility courses

> include a mix of post-doctoral teaching fellows, lecturers, and assistant professors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
include a mix of postdoctoral teaching and learning fellows, lecturers, and assistant professors of teaching
```

from the departments of Statistics and Computer Science.

> We have a few core members that have been with the program since its inception,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a few core members of the program's teaching team that have been with the program since its inception in 2016,
```

> and several members that stay with the program for 1-3 years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the remainder of the team has been with the program for 1-3 years.
```

Members of the teaching team developed their data science expertise

> through graduate studies in diverse set of topics,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
through research graduate and postdoctoral studies in diverse set of topics,
```

> including machine learning, statistics, computational linguistics, learning analytics, neuroscience, stem cell engineering, ecotoxicology, and physics.

Reviewer: Maybe list these in alphabetical order? The current order is a bit arbitrary.

> Our pedagogies are influenced not only by our formal training at UBC,

Reviewer: I think we might also want to cite the ISW, as almost everyone on the team has taken that workshop as well? Here's a citation for it: 

Day, R. (2005) The Instructional Skills Workshop: The Heart of an Educator Learning Community in British Columbia and Beyond. INTERNATIONAL SOCIETY FOR THE SCHOLARSHIP OF TEACHING & LEARNING. Retrieved April 8, 2013 from https://www.iswnetwork.ca/wp-content/uploads/2020/08/Hand_ISW_ISSoTL1.pdf
